ALL BOSSES IN THE GAME
Everything marked with a * is a unique enemy, but not a full-on boss creature.

THE WRETCHED MASS
"A mass of wretches fused together into a gruesome amalgamation. It shrieks and flops towards you, its many limbs \
flailing."

THE OLD CROW
"The tallest of the crow knights moves with gaunt grace, and flicks a knife between his long fingers."

FISHBORN GODDESS
"A woman with trailing seaweed hair, whose unnaturally long arms drip acid."

VOIDWALKER MINAS*
"His armour glows with profane radiance, and his jet-black sword pulses with dark radiance."

HIGH CLERIC ORYSL THE PROFANED
"The High Clerics robes are tattered and blood-drenched; his eyes are blank, and putrid tendrils of the Void crawl up \
his flesh."

ENKIDU, SEEKER OF THE DEATHLESS*
"His armour glows with the symbols of the Void. From beneath his mask, a single eye glows with furious \
determination."

DUKE VORTEN THE WATCHFUL
"A bloated figure rises from the floor. His flesh is a mass of eyestalks and protruding shards of bone; a swarm of \
tentacles emerge from the ruin of his head, and at the centre of his chest sits a gaping maw."

GHORTH THE BLOATED SPIDER
"This monstrous creature has a body the size of a horse, on which rest a dozen egg-sized green eyes. \
Venom drips from its fangs, and it drags itself along the ground with eight spindly arms."

BARTON THE PROWLING MINISTER
"The grinning minister sways above his supplicant congregation, clutching a holy symbol and whispering \
prayers through emaciated lips."

SLAVEMASTER GASGUT*
"This bloated lord of the slave-drivers wields a crooked whip and bellows with impotent rage. \
Alone, there is little he can do."

WHITE FOG HERALD
"A figure is visible in the fog: no less than ten feet tall, with stretched skin of pure white and eyes that \
glow crystal-blue. Torn silver robes hang from its gaunt body, and it wields a horn and a slender staff."

LADY TVERT
"Her gown and jewels are the portrait of elegance, but something about her aspect is unsettling. Perhaps her unnatural \
height, or her extraordinarily long and thin fingers, which end in hooked nails; or perhaps \
it's the sight of her sharpened teeth as she turns to grin at you, or the blankness of her pure red eyes."

SCION OF TVERT
"Lady Tvert's bile forms the shape of this twisted creature - a mockery of the human form, \
his face riddled with scars, his arms gruesome chunks of flesh covered in vile worms."

MOUTH OF PASH
"This thing looks like nothing more than an enormous mouth, crawling on hundreds of tiny insect's legs. \
Its thousands of teeth drip poison, and a mass of eyestalks protrude from its head."

THE DEAD SPARROW
"The First Sparrow has died a hundred times, but his body endures, shrouded in arcane mist."

COREN THE BLOODY
"Wounds cover the naked warrior's body, gushing blood as though from a hundred gaping mouths. \
He hefts his greataxe and roars incoherently."

KHALLE THE LOST
"Her skull is visible through her thin flesh; bones jut from her arms. She clutches her holy chime and her \
crooked scythe, and whispers unanswered prayers."

VOIDWALKER MARDUK*
"This voidwalker wears armour spiked with void crystals, and wields a broken deadwood wand."

VOIDWALKER ICARUS*
"This voidwalker wears a crown that glows with the light of the void, and wields a pair of knives imbued with dark flame."

VOIDWALKER PENELOPE*
"This voidwalker wears a tattered purple cape, and wields an enormous hammer that crackles with void lightning."

IETRA, EATER OF SILENCE
"Her eyes are deep pools that reflect the dark of the void; her hair crackles with lightning and fire. In one hand \
she wields a crooked scythe imbued with flames; in the other, she clutches an amber pendant."

THE PALE SHADE
"This near-invisible creature floats in a pale cloud, and its frost-drenched eyes suggest a sense of profound calm. \
Acid drips from one twisted hand, while the other sings with electricity."

THE KING'S REMNANTS
"This withered husk wears the ruins of a king's robe, and on its head is perched a golden crown. It floats above \
the ground in a cloud of pale mist, which nearly forms the shape of a giant hand."

GRAVEKEEPER SELVIX
"There is little to distinguish him from the other gravekeepers, except for the hooked scimitar he wields alongside \
his spear, and the furious yellow light in his eyes."

TOMB HORROR
"A gaping maw rises from the muck, ringed with millions of tiny teeth, surrounded by squirming throngs of tentacles."

HEART OF ATALUNDRA
"A singular beating heart rests in the muck, exuding magical surges."

RAT KING
"The lord of rats writhes at the centre of his shrieking host, wearing a crown of agony."

SIR PERCIVEL THE LOST*
"Ruined and tattered, Sir Percivel stands before you, wielding a broken sword."

THE LORD OF FALLOW FIELDS
"The Lord of famine and death strides across the astral precipice, wielding a blade infused with the profane \
energy of death itself."

THE DEATHLESS KNIGHT*
"A silent suit of armour regards you from across the room, glowing sword in hand."

GLURG THE IMBECILE
"The earthly avatar of Glurg manifests as a drooling toad, shuddering in the deep. Perhaps when the imbecile god \
devoured its forebears, the revelation of the truth beyond the stars proved unbearable."

PASH THE RAVENOUS
"The earthly avatar of Pash manifests as a creature composed entirely of mouths, all agape and bristling with teeth. Pale \
eyes peer from the darkness within Pash's myriad maws, and saliva drips upon the ground."

THE BLIND KING
"The master of the blind worms that gibber at the base of the universe. This living worm shrieks endlessly, exuding \
putrid toxins from every pore."

QOM THE GIBBERING SPIDER
"The devourer of the ancients gibbers at the heart of the void, weeping the ichor of obliteration from its \
myriad eyes."